Statements/Family Mission.md, before:

# Family Misison Statement

1. We communicate daily as a family with kindness, openness, honesty and transparency so that we are connected, healthy and able to support each other well.
2. We do and try new and difficult things together showing up with love, creativity and curiosity so that we solve problems, learn, grow, develop resilience and create core memories no matter the situation or what happens.
3. We play, have fun and celebrate each other so that we are full of joy and are present in the limited time that we have together.
4. We create and belong to places that nurture physical, mental and emotional healing and ongoing wellness so that we are able to enjoy life together and as a community as best as we can for as long as we can.
5. We invite and accept invitations from others, including those who are different than us, so that we live out our values and have meaningful and memorable experiences, deep and diverse relationships and a beautiful fabric of family stories.
6. We are servants and members in our church, neighborhood, and other organizations so that we demonstrate our love through commitment, consistency, and the giving and recieving of gifts and talents.

Commit message:

Update Family Mission.md
Charlie review

Statements/Family Mission.md, after:

# Family Mission Statement

## Who We Are and Why
1. We communicate daily as a family with kindness, openness, honesty and transparency so that we are connected, healthy and able to support each other well.
2. We do and try new and difficult things together showing up with love, creativity and curiosity so that we solve problems, learn, grow, develop resilience and create core memories no matter the situation or what happens.
3. We play, have fun, celebrate and serve each other so that we are full of joy and are present in the time that we have together.
4. We create and belong to places that nurture physical, mental and emotional healing and ongoing wellness so that we are able to enjoy life together and as a community as best as we can for as long as we can.
5. We invite and accept invitations from others, including those who are different than us, so that we live out our values and have meaningful and memorable experiences, deep and diverse relationships and a beautiful fabric of family stories.
6. We are servants and members of our communities so that we demonstrate our love through commitment, consistency, and the giving and recieving of effort, gifts and talents.

## Affirmations
1. We validate and recognize the boundless differences Nate, Kimmy, Charlie and Jane bring to the family each moment.
2. We trust that by trying to live out this mission we will be united in purpose.
3. We believe that through this unity, we will make a meaningful and positive impact on each other and our communities.

## Our Definitions
1. Family - First of all the four of us.  Secondly, those who support, challenge and walk with us in creating and living our our mission.
2. Communities - Our family, our church, our neighborhood, our city and our world.
3. Church - Not a building or denomination but the fellowship of those who are at minimum curious about their relationship with the ultimate Servant Christ, the mysterious and present Spirit and the infinite Creator God.
