Statements/Mission.md, before:

**My mission is to:**
1. Demonstrate and expand my authentic and curious **faith** in things known, unknown and unknowable.
2. Embody and share my encouraging and enabling **hope** in things I can see and those I cannot.
3. Give and receive beautiful and sacrificial **love** between myself and my communities.

**To fulfill this I will:**

1. **Invest in myself first:**
	1. **Make plans, set goals, and be flexible:** Create realistic plans using my EPT focusing on the process and the results. Laugh, think and cry every day to practice holistic health. Start with seventh generation thinking considering impacts beyond my own lifespan. Recognize that planning is critical and plans are worth much less.
	2. **Continuously learn and grow:** Learn through action, curiosity and research.  Embrace the inevitable mistakes that will be made which offer opportunities for deep learning and core memories.
	3. **Live with pride and validate myself:** Celebrate my accomplishments AND effort so that I am filled with light and true joy.
	4. **Be trustworthy:** Keep promises. Don't overcommit. Say no for a better yes. Let my yes be yes and my no be no.
	5. **Set and maintain boundaries:** Recognize those who love me and those who don't.  Separate intimate friends, professional relationships, created family, and relatives.
	6. **Act thoughtfully:** 
2. **Live in a healthy family and community:**
	1. **Love well:** Give and receive a love based on mutual respect, open communication, and willingness to confront and overcome challenges. Share the limited resources (time, money, energy, etc) I have with love and wisdom so that I balance the present and the future.
	2. **Begin with my family:** Invest deliberately in Kimmy, Charlotte and Jane so that my strongest and most important human relationships endure until my death. Spend time reflecting and checking in.
	3. **Get better at inevitable difficulties:** Treat conflict as inevitable, healthy and something to learn and grow from and through. Don't regularly create it and don't run from it. Seek first to understand and then to be understood to tear down my cultural defensiveness. Respond deliberately and slow down myself and others.
	4. **Build bridges and tear down walls:** Share and delegate work that I can accomplish to help those around me grow. Ask for help when I inevitably need it. Include others even when I can do it faster. Move at my own pace and deliberately speed up or slow down for the benefit myself and the community. Embrace the wisdom and knowledge of those around me.
	5. **Stay present:** Respond slowly and stop things in the moment to give time to process. Go with the flow and don't get caught up in it. Encourage and celebrate those around me when I am led to. Grieve and mourn well when it is appropriate. Take time to reflect, be grateful and enjoy the moments I am privileged to be a part of.

Commit message:

Updated presence and added SEEDS

Statements/Mission.md, after:

**My mission is to:**
1. Demonstrate and expand my authentic and curious **faith** in things known, unknown and unknowable.
2. Embody and share my encouraging and enabling **hope** in things I can see and those I cannot.
3. Give and receive beautiful and sacrificial **love** between myself and my communities.

**To fulfill this I will:**

1. **Invest in myself first:**
	1. **Make plans, set goals, and be flexible:** Create realistic plans using my EPT focusing on the process and the results starting with SEEDS. Laugh, think and cry every day to practice holistic health. Start with seventh generation thinking considering impacts beyond my own lifespan. Recognize that planning is critical and plans are worth much less.
	2. **Continuously learn and grow:** Learn through action, curiosity and research.  Embrace the inevitable mistakes that will be made which offer opportunities for deep learning and core memories.
	3. **Live with pride and validate myself:** Celebrate my accomplishments AND effort so that I am filled with light and true joy.
	4. **Be trustworthy:** Keep promises. Don't overcommit. Say no for a better yes. Let my yes be yes and my no be no.
	5. **Set and maintain boundaries:** Recognize those who love me and those who don't.  Separate intimate friends, professional relationships, created family, and relatives.
2. **Live in a healthy family and community:**
	1. **Love well:** Give and receive a love based on mutual respect, open communication, and willingness to confront and overcome challenges. Share the limited resources (time, money, energy, etc) I have with love and wisdom so that I balance the present and the future.
	2. **Begin with my family:** Invest deliberately in Kimmy, Charlotte and Jane so that my strongest and most important human relationships endure until death. Spend time reflecting and checking in.
	3. **Get better at inevitable difficulties:** Treat conflict as inevitable, healthy and something to learn and grow from and through. Don't regularly create it and don't run from it. Seek first to understand and then to be understood to tear down my cultural defensiveness. Respond deliberately and slow down myself and others.
	4. **Build bridges and tear down walls:** Share and delegate work that I can accomplish to help those around me grow. Ask for help when I inevitably need it. Include others even when I can do it faster. Move at my own pace and deliberately speed up or slow down for the benefit myself and the community. Embrace the wisdom and knowledge of those around me.
	5. **Stay present:** Speak and act with wisdom born of practice, presence and focus. Go with the flow and don't get caught up in it. Encourage and celebrate those around me when I am led to. Grieve and mourn well when it is appropriate. Take time to reflect, be grateful and enjoy the moments I am privileged to be a part of.
